/goal The README.md is technically complete but reads like internal developer documentation — raw field names, CLI commands, and implementation tables with no narrative framing for someone who hasn't already read the codebase. It does not answer: what problem does this solve, why does prediction market signal detection matter, what does building this demonstrate about the person who built it, or what is the current state of evidence that it works. The goal is to rewrite README.md so it does both jobs simultaneously: operational reference (a technical reader can still set it up and understand the architecture) and portfolio narrative (someone encountering this repo for the first time — a hiring manager, a consulting colleague, a recruiter — understands what it is, why it's non-trivial, and what it demonstrates, in under 60 seconds of reading). This is a documentation-only goal. No code changes. Proven by: README.md renders cleanly on GitHub, the opening section requires zero prior knowledge of prediction markets to understand, and the technical reference content from the current README is preserved in full (nothing deleted, just reorganized and framed).

SCOPE — touch README.md only. Do not touch PROGRESS.md, AUDIT.md, code files, config, or backlog. This is a writing and organization goal, not a code goal. No new features, no new metrics, no claims about performance that aren't already in PROGRESS.md or the codebase.

CONTEXT — about the builder. Leviathan was built by a senior Information Systems student at Indiana University who starts full-time as a Management Consulting Analyst at Accenture following graduation. This project was built independently, outside of coursework, as a self-directed systems project. The README should reflect that context without being a cover letter — it should be evident from the framing and the technical depth together, not stated explicitly ("I built this to impress employers" is the wrong register; "autonomous signal pipeline with a full test suite, structured backlog, and empirical validation framework" shows the same thing without saying it). The audience for the portfolio layer is a technical colleague or manager at a consulting firm who appreciates rigor, autonomy, and the ability to scope and build a system end to end.

PART A — REWRITE README.md with the following structure, in this order:

  1. HEADER (keep existing "LEVIATHAN // PREDICTION MARKET INTELLIGENCE" framing)
     Add one paragraph (3-5 sentences, no jargon assumed) immediately under
     the header that answers: what is this, what does it do each day, why is
     this a non-trivial problem. Target: someone who has never heard of
     Kalshi or prediction markets reads this paragraph and understands what
     they're looking at. Example framing (rewrite, do not copy verbatim):
     "Leviathan is an automated signal detection system for Kalshi prediction
     markets. Every day it scans thousands of open markets, cross-references
     prices across five platforms, tracks the open positions of high-PnL
     traders, and scores flagged markets using a combination of heuristics
     and LLM probability estimation. The output is a structured daily report
     and a tracked record of signal accuracy over time — the long-term goal
     being to identify whether the system's edge estimates translate to
     real-world profitability, and if so, where."

  2. SYSTEM STATUS — a small honest status block, not marketing. Three lines:
     - Current phase: Data accumulation (n=[current resolved count] resolved
       signals as of last update — next gate: n=20)
     - Mode: Read-only (no trade execution — all signals are paper)
     - Test suite: [current count] tests, 0 failures
     This section must be honest. Do not imply the system is validated or
     profitable — it isn't yet, and pretending otherwise undermines the
     credibility of everything else on the page.

  3. HOW IT WORKS — keep the existing pipeline table but add a one-sentence
     plain-English header above it: "Each daily run executes an 8-step
     pipeline:" or similar. The table itself is good — preserve it, just
     make sure each row's "What happens" column uses plain English first and
     technical terms second, not the other way around (e.g. "Scores flagged
     markets using Claude with web search, anchored by 11 calibration rules"
     is better than "Claude CLI subprocess — batched market scoring with web
     search"). Rewrite the table rows accordingly.

  4. WHAT THIS DEMONSTRATES — a short section (not a bullet wall, 2-3
     short paragraphs in prose) that frames what the technical choices show
     about the builder. Cover: end-to-end system ownership (API integration,
     scoring layer, persistence, reporting, scheduling, testing), empirical
     discipline (structured backlog gated on data conditions, not shipped
     prematurely), and the decision to build a validation framework before
     claiming edge rather than just running signals and hoping. Write this
     in third person about the project ("Leviathan was built as...") not
     first person ("I built this because...") — the third-person framing
     reads as more confident and less like a cover letter.
     Do not overclaim. Do not say "demonstrates expertise in" anything.
     Show, don't tell.

  5. ARCHITECTURE — keep the existing file/module table verbatim. It's good.
     Just retitle it "Architecture" instead of whatever it's currently
     called, and add a one-line intro: "The codebase is structured as a
     modular pipeline — each layer is independently testable and has no
     circular dependencies."

  6. DATA SOURCES — keep existing table verbatim. No changes needed.

  7. SETUP — keep existing setup instructions verbatim. Developers need
     these; don't cut them for the sake of portfolio polish.

  8. TESTING — keep existing test table verbatim. The test count and
     zero-failures line is genuinely impressive at this scale for a solo
     project — make sure it's visible, not buried at the bottom.

  9. NOTES — keep existing notes verbatim (read-only, Pro CLI, db not
     committed, win rate is hypothetical). These are important disclaimers.

PART B — ONE THING NOT IN THE CURRENT README THAT SHOULD BE. Add a short
"Validation approach" subsection under SYSTEM STATUS or as its own section
between STATUS and HOW IT WORKS. The current README implies the system
works (or will work) but says nothing about how you'd know if it didn't.
Write 3-4 sentences explaining: signals are tracked from generation through
resolution, accuracy is measured via Brier score (a proper scoring rule for
probability estimates, not just win/loss), the system is gated to prevent
premature feature additions before sufficient data exists, and no claim of
profitability is made until the resolved-signal record supports it. This is
the single most credibility-building addition possible — it shows the
builder understands the difference between a system that produces outputs
and a system that validates whether those outputs are correct.

PART C — VERIFY. Render README.md to stdout and confirm:
  - the opening paragraph contains no unexplained jargon (no "Kalshi ticker",
    no "flag_path", no "lv_band", no "net_edge" in the first 10 lines)
  - the SYSTEM STATUS section makes no claim of validated profitability
  - the full technical reference content from the old README is still present
    (pipeline table, architecture table, data sources, setup, test table,
    notes) — nothing was deleted, only reorganized and reframed
  - total length is reasonable for a README (under 300 lines — if it's
    getting longer than the old one, something has gone wrong)

PART D — REPORT. No PROGRESS.md update needed for a docs-only change.
Instead, append one line to the top of README.md itself (as an HTML
comment, invisible on GitHub rendering):
  <!-- Last narrative update: [date] — reorganized for dual technical/portfolio
  audience; no code or data claims changed -->
This is so a future reader of the repo history can tell the difference
between a README update that changed technical facts and one that was
purely a narrative rewrite.

git add README.md && git commit -m "Rewrite README: dual technical/portfolio narrative, honest status, validation approach"

Or stop after 6 turns.
